hello today we're going to be doing the
fugu while my Pokemon collection
Banpresto plus palpitate hi my name is
Bob with toad and I'm water ground-type
as you can see I'm kind of like a frog
no arms I'm not going in my blue glow
far from tempo and I above them to
seismitoad so yeah got these nice dog
one of like boil things on me I sports
us so you see my nice design quite nice
and if you see here might not be able to
see boom presto plush yeah yeah yeah I'm
my tags here for just show you and my
set we got spinning for massage box what
goofy more foolish to rent me Papa toad
vanilluxe I'm spinning from dealing of
things many food did die now I mean
rock'n'roller
such shower thing water sure and gob
order I'm not showing actual second
involvement and I was axial but he's not
in this set I've been getting another
self he's power like him but there's one
problem I'm not really sure yet you
might we might know axe your second
involvement name I'm not sure if it's
I've effects or actua structure I'm well
I'm not so sure I don't know his name
I'm really not so sure I'd like to have
a look please don't say you've got it
wrong because I really don't know I'm
not sure sure I said I'm not even sure
it's a mech service or whatever the name
is loved involvement if it's Haxorus
heck service I'm really not sure so I
probably got it wrong so yeah so we got
a nice pub total will most difficult to
tell you whatever one's gonna get so
we'll be getting swag goons comments but
he's taking a while boys comment we've
got public age yeah you're going to get
vanilluxe in this voice so what to more
set four teams one little Finlux
in sep 15 we're going to get men through
rubbing roller and fractures or sex or
whatever his name is
so we get in them and we're quite good
because when they come be two episodes
of never going to do the same reviews
what we did with pub code and one
suddenly probably do him
vanilluxe and the others and yes okay
what's just are we going to say we just
show you the tag you seen tag so it's
popped out and I think this is my
Pokemon collection refers to plus I'm
not really sure because in kind of like
Japanese or some funny but I'm just
guessing that residence here best wishes
this is quite scored sick I like best
wishes is really good best which is a
really good like that is really really
good best wishes if it is a new movie
coming out it's quite cool how about a
good YouTube the to add nice I'm dead or
movie and I'm not so sure what
scoreboard is a political and have a
shot episodes and tell you what to go in
and what to do so if you're wondering or
bullied your shoulder episode to tell
you what to go on to and yeah I'm sorry
about this need is this that this leads
in the way and so about that pretty get
in the way
sorry it other any matter because just
using the phone
this is favor you're wondering we using
the same for this just leads in the
waste and don't know anymore anyway got
this nice popped a card and you've seen
it so if you look at the back quite nice
and yeah I've got Pikachu here hello
we've got Eva yeah hi and yeah pretty
much starts it what we're all got to say
today thank you for watching please
subscribe
well now this is the mayor mana club
actually so he's the mayor banner Club
this is the vibe on a club please
subscribe again thank you for watching
more video soon and bye and that's all
I'm going to say so thank you for
watching again
and by